Add a note to a cookbook. (#7210)
geodynamics/aspect: cookbooks/kinematically_driven_subduction_2d/doc/kinematically_driven_subduction_2d.md

 Case 4 model setup. Copied from {cite:t}`quinquis:2014`.
```

:::{note}
The viscous dissipation postprocessor has been amended since this cookbook was written
and now correctly returns values twice as large as before. The user must now 
to divide the recovered viscous disspation values by a factor two in order to match the values 

> shown below and those of other codes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and now correctly returns values twice as large as before. The user must now 
divide the recovered viscous disspation values by a factor two in order to match the values 
shown below and those of other codes. 
```

Author: figures need not be updated, since the definition of the Visc Diss in the benchmark matches our old definition. So me requiring that the user divides the results by 2 means that the user would then recover the same results that we now show in the cookbook. 
Concerning the starter project, I am not sure because these models run for 15Myr are non linear visco-plastic with high resolution. This requires substantial work/cpu power, not really a small/short project for a new user imo. I can still post it if you want, but in the end the produced figures would be identical to those in the current manual.

 Case 4 model setup. Copied from {cite:t}`quinquis:2014`.
```

:::{note}
The viscous dissipation postprocessor has been amended since this cookbook was written
and now correctly returns values twice as large as before 
(a missing factor was the source of the bug). 
The user must now divide the recovered viscous dissipation values by a factor two in order 

> to match the values shown below and those of other codes. 

Reviewer: Actually, I still don't quite understand that. It's true that one needs to divide by two to match the values shown below, but should other codes not be correct? That is, should the current output not match other codes *without dividing by two*?

Author: So I believe the story goes as follows: the original study specified a list of measurements to carry out on a series of models. Among that list was the viscous dissipation, with a factor 1/2 (which should not have been there). In light thereof the viscous dissipation in ASPECT was probably written with this extra 1/2 factor and was found to match the results of other codes (including my code at the time, in which I implemented the visc dissipation as specified by the study, i.e. also with a factor 1/2). 
Now that the factor 1/2 is gone in our implementation the viscous dissipation coming out of ASPECT is x2 , but we still need to divide it by 2 in order to match with their definition in the original study.

Reviewer: I see. Let's perhaps write it as follows then:

```suggestion
The user must now divide the recovered viscous dissipation values by a factor of two in order 
to match the values shown below. When comparing with results obtained with other codes, check their documentation; it may also have been wrong by a factor of two as several other codes had a similar bug. 
```

Author: fine by me
